hey everyone its mega tech spec here and
today I'm coming at you with a Air
Jordan 11 red colorway review now let's
get right into it I got this shoe off of
X knee kurta ru and I'll put the link in
the description and what I like about
this website is that they if you're late
on any releases if you didn't get lucky
in stores you could just head over there
and they always have their shoes in
stock they're never late and mine came
in about a week or so but this was over
the holidays so usually it come from
about three to seven three to seven
working days so yeah let's get back in
because I got off topic a little over
there
but yeah you're drawing eleven retro
your suggested retail of one hundred and
eighty five dollars all the serial
numbers and all that stuff size 11
okay now you got your red insert that
comes with all the bread ones and
different colors based on whatever color
were you have in the Elevens with the
Roman numerals I'll take your made them
shine Mike made them fly you made them
iconic so it comes with the typical
Gordon two sticker in the box and then
let's get both shoes off and get right
into it so first off I just want to talk
about the toe box and everything because
some people think that these websites
have like fake shoes and stuff but it's
great quality as you could see the toe
box is perfect on these the quality is
just i was i was surprised honestly
because i thought there wouldn't be as
good as the in-store ones but they're
100% authentic and everything's good
there so you can got your red Jumpman
the pan leather all the way around as
you can see none got the carbon fiber
right under the all white midsole as you
can hear right there and then you got
your traction pods over here and then
the red
outsole all around with your black jump
man over here I don't know if you could
see but there's like three white pods
over here and that's a nice touch and
then on your third one over here you got
this logo as usual on the Elevens and
then the tongue is perfect nothing wrong
with that and then unfortunately these
ones did not come with the red inserts
that look kind of like these just red
and plastic instead of cardboard but
that's not a problem because I have a
bunch of extras from my other shoes that
I could use and I forgot to show you on
the back you have the 23 over here but
yeah instead it came with the normal
tissue paper that comes with every shoe
that you buy quality basketball products
inspired by the greatest player ever
indeed and you got your red Jumpman in
there and your size 11 sticker that
always comes inside so yeah I'll be
coming at you with a on foot review
right now with a pair of black jogger
pants now these shoes fit pretty much
true to size you just have to go one
size up for some people cuz it's a
pretty narrow shoe and these are really
comfortable honestly they're one of my
favorites for like walking around
everything like that cuz they're they're
padded on the bottom I guess and they go
like really nice with anything and they
compare black pants blue jeans gray
jeans and look nice I'll just show you
how they look kind of with the
paranormal pens not Jory's with the cuff
on the bottom and yeah give this video a
thumbs up let me know if you liked it
and yeah see you next time